Identities and accounts updates (#57)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/testnet/references/id-accounts.rst

.. _Obtaining an identity: #obtaining-an-identity
.. _Creating an account: #creating-an-account
.. _Benefits: #benefits
.. _`anonymity revocation`: /testnet/references/id-accounts.html#revoking-anonymity
.. _Concordium ID: /testnet/see-also/downloads.html#concordium-id
.. _`initial account`: /testnet/see-also/glossary.html#initial-account
.. _Notabene: https://notabene.id/
.. _Onfido: https://onfido.com/

> .. _`mobile wallet`: /test/guides/get-started.html

Reviewer: This link does not lead anywhere as far as I can see.

Moreover I don't think  we should use the term "mobile wallet". We use `Concordium ID`

Author: The link target is added in https://github.com/Concordium/concordium.github.io/pull/56. 

I'll change it to Concordium ID.

In order to be an active participant on the Concordium blockchain (e.g., hold,
send, receive :ref:`glossary-GTU`) a user must create an *account*.

> The user will get an `initial account`_ at the same time as an *identity* has been issued

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an internal link
```
:ref:`initial account <glossary-initial-account>`
```

by an identity provider. As the initial account is submitted to the chain by the
identity provider, said identity provider will know the owner of the initial account. For this
reason, the user may consider not using the initial account, and create a regular account instead.

> The owner of a regular account, will only be known by the owner himself. To facilitate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular accounts' owner is not known to the identity providers, or any other single entity. To facilitate
```

In order to be an active participant on the Concordium blockchain (e.g., hold,
send, receive :ref:`glossary-GTU`) a user must create an *account*.

To facilitate compliance with relevant regulations, an account can only be
created from an *identity* which is issued :ref:`glossary-off-chain` by an Identity provider.
While an account has to be created from an identity, the user's privacy is still
protected, and the account owner's identity can only be revealed via the process
of `anonymity revocation`_, which can only happen under stringent regulations,
such as upon a court order. In particular, a key feature of the design of
identities and accounts is that the identity provider cannot reveal the identity

> of an account on their own.

Reviewer: This needs some rework due to initial accounts. The identity provider can tell who they belong to, since it creates them (in essence).

Author: Yeah, that makes sense. I'll try reworking it.

Author: I tried reworking this bit, but I'm not sure if it's sufficient. If not, I might need some back-up from someone who knows more about it.

The *Notabene (development)* flow allows the user to provide their own
attributes and does no verification. This flow is available for testing
purposes, and will not be supported on the :ref:`glossary-mainnet`.

Creating an account
===================

Once a user has an identity, they can use it to create a number of accounts, besides the

> `initial account`_ created by the identity provider upon creating the identity. In

Reviewer: There does not seem to be a glossary entry for initial account.

Author: This entry is also added in another PR. (https://github.com/Concordium/concordium.github.io/pull/56)

The *Notabene (development)* flow allows the user to provide their own
attributes and does no verification. This flow is available for testing
purposes, and will not be supported on the :ref:`glossary-mainnet`.

Creating an account
===================

Once a user has an identity, they can use it to create a number of accounts, besides the

> `initial account`_ created by the identity provider upon creating the identity. In

Reviewer: And an internal link here as well.
